In behalf of the Ecuador Branch Committee and the entire Bethel family, it is a pleasure
to say to you, welcome to equity.
We invite you to enjoy the following video presentation.
In it, you will see how the work started here in the country.
At the same time, you will see that the fill here in this country remains white for
harvest being.
It has been said that every portrait that has been painted with filling is a portrait
of the artist.
In Ecuador, one of the most biologically diverse countries on the planet, Jehovah has revealed
his love, power, generosity, imagination and sense of humor by means of the things he created.
The people of Ecuador are just as diverse as the country they live in.
One thing that many have in common is a deep spirituality and a desire to know Jehovah.
This has helped many to embrace Bible truth.
How did the work begin here in Ecuador?
In 1946, the first missionaries arrived, Walter and Wilmeda Pemberton and Thomas and
Mary Klingesmith.
Since there were no possible roads to Kito, they had to travel to their assignment by train,
a dozen more missionaries arrived in 1948.
In March of 1949, Nathan Norr and Milton Henshel visited Ecuador for the first time.
In Kito, 82 people listened while brother Norr gave his talk by candlelight.
Later, 280 attended the same program in Wayakil.
More missionaries arrived during the 50s.
One of them was Francis Kerr, now Woodburne.
I arrived in Ecuador on September 1st, 1950.
There were around 100 publishers when I arrived and there are now more than 80,000.
You can see how Jehovah makes it grow and it gives me tremendous joy to say that I had
a part in it.
I feel that my life has been very full and even though I am now a widow, I know that
I have the association of brothers everywhere and they always take care of me.
I never feel abandoned.
From 1947 to 1980, the number of publishers in Ecuador grew from 24 to more than 5,000.
During the next 20 years, that number skyrocketed to more than 40,000.
In 2014, a new peak was reached of more than 85,000 Kingdom Proclamers in Ecuador.
In 2015, we had the special privilege of hosting an international convention here in Kito, Ecuador.
We welcomed 3,000 delegates from all around the world.
When we saw the international conventions were available, a group got together and said,
we want to go to Ecuador.
This is an event that the majority of Ecuadorians have never seen.
The challenge is, how do we do it?
Thanks to Jehovah's spirit and his direction, we have been able to move forward.
So, occasions like this lift the brothers' spirits and show that this is not a human organization.
They show that Jehovah is supporting these things and that there couldn't be anything
this well done by means of mere humans.
Our problems become so small when we see the worldwide organization and it makes us feel
a stronger desire to serve Jehovah.
You know, Jehovah's people were a worldwide brotherhood, but you feel it when you're
here at the convention, you know, where you see the brothers and sisters and all that
are coming up to you and they're hugging you and you're hugging back.
It's the best way to live their real life.
We hope that you have enjoyed this video.
As you have seen, Christian Association promotes a wonderful spirit.
It produces happiness, generosity, thankfulness and above all, it honors Jehovah.
The remain faithful, continue to sell us in your service and if not before, we will see
you again very soon in the new world that Jehovah has prepared for all of us.